Dragon City
Are you sure it's Dragon City?
Otherwise, who do you think love is?
Can make us jealous of the Zhang family for so many years
I beg your pardon.
Must keep it a secret
Not even meat men
The lifeblood of our Zhang family depends on you
OK
This kid is not an ordinary person
Sir, I recently heard
Longcheng is very poor in Heijiang City
Otherwise why did you send you among us?
With the reputation of Dragon City
unproductive
To ensure that the task is completed
Grandpa this bracelet
Is it the bracelet that the Zhang family lost?
Why does this look worthless?
Is worthless
But you have to put it away and it will be useful later.
That's right.
Didn't you say you wanted to go south to find medicine for Ruo?
Why didn't I see you in action?
Grandpa acts like a man
Sure to be found
I can't offend this Young Marshal of Dragon City
We'd better be cautious about this kind of big deal
You're right.
But can you guarantee
Gao Ruonan will definitely listen to you
He has been bullied and suppressed in the Gao family for 20 years
I'm the only one around here who sees him as a human being
He doesn't listen to me, who does he listen to?
Look, it's delivered to your door